User Personas

Persona One:

Music for a Cause
RSO

About:
Name: Music for a Cause
About: Perform to underprivileged people (homeless people, shelters, nursing homes, hospitals, etc.)
to spread joy through music.

Bio:
The Music for a Cause RSO at the University of Washington has just been booked to
play for the local nursing home but needs two clarinet players and a violin player.
They’re asking around and posting things up on their facebook but they can’t seem to
reach an audience outside of the individuals who follow them.

Frustrations:
Is not able to reach new students
Can’t fill the roles they need in time

Goals:
The Music for a Cause wants to be able to recruit new students who may not know
about their RSO, and reach a larger audience. They want to also be able to connect
with students to showcase new events that they are hosting or a part of.

Approach to our website:

Music for a Cause would likely approach our website as a recruiting and sharing platform.
They want to spread their viewing pool and our platform would provide the users/potentional players.
Our website would bridge the gap between Music for a Cause and the bright spirited musicians who
wish to be a part of a great cause.

Persona Two:

Julia
Student

About

Age: 20 years old
Standing: Sophomore
Major: Informatics
Instrument: Guitar
Current Clubs: Electronic Music Producers at UW

Bio

Julia is a part of a band called Sweet Sorrows. Their drummer just graduated and
they are looking for someone to fill the role. They have an upcoming house show
scheduled and need to find a replacement ASAP.

Frustrations

Hasn’t received any responses to her audition post on Instagram
Prospective drummer who responded to fliers don’t share the same schedule

Goals

Host an audition inviting UW students that share similar class schedules
Have people show up to the audition
Find other bands and musicians to connect with

Approach our website:

Julia would likely approach our website as a networking opportunity to reach more UW students that
are interested in joining her band. She also sees it as a great platform to share her upcoming
house shows so they can get a higher turnout than the previous gigs.

Persona Three:

Rock
Student

About:

Age:  21 years old
Standing: Senior
Major: Statistics
Instrument: Piano
Current Clubs: Chamber Music club

Bio:

Rock is a 21-year-old senior at the University of Washington, majoring in Statistics.
In addition to his academic pursuits, Rock is keen on finding student organizations and
casual meetups, such as jam sessions or hobbyist groups, but he has found it difficult to
locate communities that match his interests and availability at UW. He values opportunities
for social interaction but often struggles with balancing his academic workload with extracurricular
involvement. Rock hopes to connect with more like-minded peers as he navigates both his studies and
personal interests.

Frustrations:

Struggles to find communities or meetups that match his interests and schedule.
Difficulty balancing academic workload with extracurriculars.
Feels disconnected from like-minded peers despite valuing social opportunities.

Goals:

Build connections with peers who share his interests in music and casual group activities.
Join student organizations that balance fun and academics.

Approach our website:

Rock would likely approach our website in search of a platform that allows him to host events and
find a crowd that relates to him. Since schedle conflicts are his main concern, our app would allow
him to post events, particularly small casual gatherings, and have UW students
be able to view his event.